MONGOCRYPT-723 support `$lookup` (#954)
mongodb/libmongocrypt: integrating.md

#### State: `MONGOCRYPT_CTX_NEED_MONGO_COLLINFO` ####

> <a name="multi-collection-commands"></a>
> > [!IMPORTANT]
> > **Multi-collection commands**: prior to 1.13.0, drivers were expected to pass _at most one result_ from `listCollections`. In 1.13.0, drivers are expected to pass _all results_ from `listCollections` to support multi-collection commands (e.g. aggregate with `$lookup`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!IMPORTANT]
> <a name="multi-collection-commands"></a> **Multi-collection commands**: prior to 1.13.0, drivers were expected to pass _at most one result_ from `listCollections`. In 1.13.0, drivers are expected to pass _all results_ from `listCollections` to support multi-collection commands (e.g. aggregate with `$lookup`).
```
Looks like the current anchor placement is being treated as its own paragraph. Suggest moving it into the admonition block to fix jump navigation.

>

> > Drivers must call `mongocrypt_setopt_enable_multiple_collinfo` to indicate the new behavior is implemented and opt-in to support for multi-collection commands.
> >
> > The opt-in is avoids the following example scenario: Driver upgrades to 1.13.0 and does not update the behavior. A multi-collection command requests schemas for both `db.c1` and `db.c2`. Driver only passes the result for `db.c1` (even though `db.c2` has a result). libmongocrypt mistakenly assumes `db.c2` has no schema.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Drivers must call `mongocrypt_setopt_enable_multiple_collinfo` to indicate the new behavior is implemented and opt-in to support for multi-collection commands. This opt-in is to prevent the following bug scenario:
> > A driver upgrades to 1.13.0, but does not update prior behavior which passes at most one result of a multi-collection command.
> > A multi-collection command requests schemas for both `db.c1` and `db.c2`.
> > The driver only passes the result for `db.c1` even though `db.c2` also has a result.
> > Therefore, libmongocrypt incorrectly believes `db.c2` has no schema.
```
Minor formatting suggestions.
